This medical doctor, Mr. Ha.
It does not look like a place to cure and save people.
This.
My status is sensitive, I can't go to the official hospital.
What are you doing here?
My money is not accepted.
My niece is going to have surgery right away.
Rain surgery is not possible.
Have to wait another half month.
But eat water one night.
How can you do this
What does it have to do with me?
You... you will be avenged.
Where is my niece?
We do not treat here anymore.
Revenge
I'll tell you what the $200,000 quote is right away.
Otherwise, he wouldn't know where his niece was.
This is medicine.
Within three minutes without antidote
You will die.
Tell me where his niece is.
I will give you the antidote.
In the warehouse over there.
The horse and horse face like a phoenix warehouse such a vicious person
Enjoy the taste of poison.